[Az.ServiceFabric] `Set-AzServiceFabricManagedNodeType`: Add parameter `-VmSize` (#28230)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/ServiceFabric/ServiceFabric/ChangeLog.md

-->
## Upcoming Release
* Updated SFMC to latest api preview version `2025-03-01-preview`

> * `Set-AzServiceFabricManagedNodeType`: Add parameter `VmSize` to allow for in-place sku swap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added parameter `VmSize` to allow for in-place sku swap for cmdlet `Set-AzServiceFabricManagedNodeType`.
```
